Developers Session v0.2 (#236)
niteoweb/handbook: 2_Operations/work-process.md

- Did I find a handy tool/method/module that I think we should use?
- Do I have an idea about implementation we will have in the next sprint, and I want to discuss it?
- Have I seen a great technical talk and I want to share it so we can discuss it the next time?
- Do I want to share something I leared in a short lighning talk?
- Do I need help with the user story I have been asigned to?

As a curator:

- Announce in #development Zoom session to join into
- As a curator, meet and greet everyone, especially first-time joiners. 

> - Annonce who is having Lightning talk if one was prepared.

Reviewer: Announce

Reviewer: the Lightning talk

> - Annonce who is having Lightning talk if one was prepared.

Author: ```suggestion
- Announce who is having the Lightning talk if one was prepared.
```

- If you hear crickets, start rolling the ball with a question, an anecdote or a funny story.
- Make sure no one is talking the whole 30 minutes, everyone should have an opinion!

> - Write a report into Recurring ticket for the meeting.

Reviewer: I'd write "into _the_ recurring ticket" even if Grammarly doesn't raise it here.

> - Write a report into Recurring ticket for the meeting.

Author: ```suggestion
- Write a report into the **Recurring** ticket for the meeting.
```
